TODO -

   Root path var in config.
   
  Important - 1.2 (User-centric) -    
    Makes pages Template based. Supply 2-3 with normal install.
    Beef up CSS to be fully skinnable.
    User Model features (image/gallery manager, more obvious to use, mag. glass on image preview).
    Site Settings.  (Make Sure all path variables terminate with a /)
    Drop down menu from breadcrumbs showing sub-galleries for direct navigation.
    Pages of thumbnails.
    Next/Prev on image view.
    Filmstrip.
    Simple UI animation (feedback vanishes, deleted items scroll up, etc).
    png/gif support.
    ADD OPTIONS TABLE TO SETUP (count) and UPGRADE.
    Redo install to be interactive.
    Stylesheets.
    Add CDATA to page_ files.
  
  Pre-release (1.2) -
    Add error checking to new code.
    Escape all variables used in queries (mysql_real_escape_string).
    Check all queries include _utf8 when setting text fields.
    Bugtracker items.
    Check all files verify login status before proceeding to process actions.
    Global search for TODO.
    Update install.php and upgrade.php.
    Version number change.
    Come out of debug mode.
    Final check with/without magic quotes.
    WC3 validation.
    Mention delimiter in the docs. 
    Update Documentation.
    Check changelog.
    
  Nice  -
   Major version -
     Support other databases (ms-sql, Oracle, ProgresSQL, etc) and HTTP backends (IIS).
     
   Minor version -      
     1.3 (Expanding content) -
       Display movie clips.  (Not streaming)
       Grab and save EXIF info.
       Simple edit ability. (crop, resize, rotate, etc)
       User-defined thumbnails on galleries.
       Provide friendly URL rewriting. (Via HTAccess)
       IPTC support.
       GeoTagging support.
       Search (with option to make new gallery from results).
       
     1.4 (XML + Drag&Drop) -
       Re-Arrange images on a gallery.
       On image view page implement next\prev image buttons with thumb preview.
       Mass Image Tagging.
       Bulk Delete.
       Slide Show.
       Gallery Merge.
       Move Sub Gallery. (Base on version of navigation bar as an admin page)

   Patch -   
     Common root path variable to be applied to config.php.
     Allow a welcome message on the index page
     Add more corruption detection in the admin section (Look for images that can't exist in any gallery)
     In-line dialogue for add user \ add tag \ edit tag should have a title label.
     Add username so login is not shown.
     Add a custom error handling page.
     Image Integrity->no image/thumb needs to have a delete option.
     Add sub-gallery, changing parent doesn't update tag ticks (confirm box - do you want to set tags to be the same?).
     Randomize password field name on add/edit user so browser doesn't fill it in automatically.
     Split CSS up into different types.
     Images with no main image should show thumbnail on the 'fix' screen.
     Replace Buttons with images.
     Integrity Check on login.
     Inherited tags should be implied, no need to show them (but do store them!).
     Boolean Tag Operators for galleries.
     Copy tags from other gallery.
     Move gallery (choose new parent).
     On delete tag, check if any images/galleries use that tag.
     Correct time for timezone.
     robots.txt.
     Resize pics on upload.
     Bulk add from ftp folder or .zip file.
     Watermark/Logo stamp on pics.
     Rotate pic.
     Replace image.
     User action logging.
     Option to hide the login button.
     Gallery/image titles can be too long to fit on the preview without messing up the layout.
     On maintain image, redirect back to maintain image when new image added.
     Javascript generated globals should be passed into the constructors.
       
  Future -
   Import/Export (With desktop client)
   Output slideshow to Vid-CD (Online \ Desktop Client)

Bugs -
  Bugs -
    Euros plus possibly other characters in the parent combo box stop javascript classes from 
    loading.  (Gallery)    
    
  To Verify as fixed -
    Thumbnails of varying height prevent other thumbnails from lining up correctly on gallery view.
    
  Fixed -
    Some special chars don't display correctly in popups.
    HTML Injection is possible for gallery title and description
    If no images in a gallery, show a message
    Editting + adding a desc with a '#' in doesn't save the desc.
    Overlib shouldn't display when no description
    Navigation Tree does not update when you change a gallery title.
    Page titles needs spacing.
    Sometimes complains about Gallery ID when submitting a gallery edit.    


Template Ideas -

  Embeddable - (No footer \ Header \ Nav Bar) gallery template
  

Done this session

1) Check for quotes being stripped/escaped in all text fields.
2) Unicode!
